[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Vegeta went on the offensive,
and seized a Dragon
Ball for himself...
Meanwhile, on the run
from Frieza's men...
Krillin and Dende raced to
protect the final Dragon Ball
before it, too, fell
into enemy hands.
With five Dragon Balls
already in his possession,
Frieza is dangerously close
to realizing his wish
for immortality.
Can he be stopped?
Find out...now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Narrator] "Friends Reborn!
Zarbon's Hideous
Transformation!"
Okay, good. I'd say I got this
twenty-times setting licked.
So, time to crank this
bad boy up to thirty.
[Kai] Hello out there? Can you
hear me? Come in, Goku...
Hey! Wait a second.
King Kai, is that you?
[Kai] Indeed! The voice that
launched a thousand ships...
Speaking of which, I have
to ask: why exactly are you
soaring through outer space
in a refurbished pod?
Oh, wait, yes, of course.
Planet Namek. The Dragon Balls.
Silly me. I should've guessed.
Happy hunting to you.
Happy hunting?
Haven't you heard the news about
all the crazy stuff goin' on?
Bulma said that every
bad guy in the galaxy
is gathered on Namek.
Sounds just terrible.
Well, you'll have to tell
me all about it later.
You see. Right now,
I'm entertaining.
[Goku] What are you talkin'
about? You mean guests?
[Kai] Uh-huh. But not
just any guests.
These guys beat your Snake
Way record by a mile.
Hard to believe, but
here they are...
in a fraction of
the time you took.
All four of them, in fact.
[Goku] Wait, four of them?
[Kai] But, I guess if your
old record's gotta give,
best it's broken by friends...
[Goku] Are you kidding me?
I'd watch out if I were you;
these fellas are out to one-up
your old training regimen, too.
That... That's incredible!
So all four made it to your
place at the same time, huh?
Are they with you right now?
Hey, is it cool
if I speak to him?
[Kai] Sure. Just place
a hand on my shoulder
and gab to your
heart's content.
[Ya,cha] Yo. You
hear me alright, Goku?
[Goku] Yamcha?!
Just so happens we ran
into Kami on this side.
He told us all about King
Kai and how to find him.
Yep...
And, dude...The old guy also
told us what you were up to...
About headin' to he and
Piccolo's home world
to try and scare up
some new Dragon Balls
and bring the four
of us back...
If you made it to King Kai's...
Then I know Tien sure did...
Hey, what about
Piccolo? Is he there?
[Yamcha] Oh yeah, he's here.
As if there's any way
my pride would allow me
to sit this one out, while
everyone else got stronger.
[Goku] So who's the other
one with you? Is it Kami?
No, 'fraid not...
Kami decided to stay
behind back in Other World...
Get this: it's Chiaotzu!
[Goku] Are you
kidding me? No way...
I thought Chioatzu got blown
to smithereens! He's okay?
[Yamcha] Yeah, he's fine.
Kami gave him a brand new body
and everything. Good as new.
That's awesome!
Way to go, Chiaotzu!
Man, I don't know
how you handled
trainin' on this planet.
I mean the gravity's so strong
here, we can barely even run.
Oh, you'll get used
to it. Trust me.
You should see
what I'm doin' now.
I've only got five
days left to train
before I get to Planet Namek.
I have the artificial gravity
on this rig set so high
it's not even funny.
Unless I'm stronger than I've
ever been by the time I land...
I'm gonna be in some
serious trouble...
Wait. Whaddya mean?
You have to fight somebody?
Well, 'cause I was
hurt so badly,
Gohan, Krillin and Bulma had
to go to Namek without me,
figuring that'd be our best bet
at trackin' down some
new Dragon Balls, but...
Then...Right after they got
there... Vegeta showed up
with the same thing in
mind. And he's not alone.
What...?!
Please just tell me they didn't
get themselves pulverized!
No. Lucky for the three of
them, it doesn't look like
he even knows they're
there... at least not yet.
Still... It's complicated...
Turns out he's just part of
somethin' a whole lot worse...
A lot of other pretty
mean-looking guys,
are also there for
the Dragon Balls.
The strange thing is,
they're all wearin'
the exact same kinda
uniforms as Vegeta...
And...Apparently they're
being led by a guy...
whose power level
makes the rest of them
look like they're a
bunch of weaklings.
Ah! What?!
What is it? What's
Goku saying to you?
Uh... You wouldn't happen to
know their leader's name...
by some chance?
[Goku] No clue.
I'll pass it on the second
I hear anything, though.
[Kai] If it's who I think it is,
we've got major issues.
Say, Goku, uh... Stand by,
I'm gonna have a little peek.
Yeah sure...Lemme
know whatcha see!
[Kai] Alrighty then.
Which direction is good ol'
Planet Namek anyway...?
Yamcha...You gonna
fill us in or what?
Well...There is some
serious power down there,
that's for certain...
Now if I can only focus
in on the source...
No!
Frieza!
[Goku] What's the matter?
You recognize who it is?
Ah, Goku... Saying you don't
know who you're up against here,
would bar none be the
understatement of the decade!
There's no way you can
take on this fiend!
Wh-What's that
supposed to mean?
[Kai] Listen to me carefully;
you're not to go anywhere
near him! That's an order!
When you land on Namek, just
gather up Gohan and your pals
and get out of there
as quickly as possible!
[Kai] I'm not just saying this
for your sake, either.
Family. Loved ones.
The Earth itself--
not to mention countless other
worlds--would be at risk...
So much as look at him wrong
and Frieza's wrath will engulf
everything you, me and anyone
on our side holds dear!
[Kai] Just this once you must
leave well enough alone...
Wow, if he's so powerful...
can't I at least get
a look at the guy?
No you cannot "get a look at
the guy"! That's an order!
Come on...
I am the King Kai!
Hm?
No. Don't listen to him, Goku.
Find the Dragon Balls and wish
us back, whatever it takes.
Now we're talking...
Believe me when I tell you that
my time here won't go to waste.
Just get me to Planet Namek
and we'll teach this Frieza
the true meaning of
the word wrath.
What?! Not one of you has the
first inkling about Frieza!
[Piccolo] Well, then I guess
you'd better start training us,
shouldn't you?
[Kai] Not with that attitude.
Not unless you swear to
stay clear of Namek!
Give me your word. Or I'll
refuse to teach you a thing!
Yeah, fine.
I can trust you, right?
You wouldn't... lie?
[Kai] That condition goes
for everyone, by the way!
You hear me... I am
the King Kai...
[Piccolo] Ha-ha. An easy promise
to keep... Or work around...
[Tien] I can't outshine Goku
if I stick to the
same regimen he did.
Not with so little time.
I'm gonna have to put
my own spin on the training,
if I want to get ahead...
Well...Let's begin, shall we?
[Tien] Here we go...
[Yamcha] Let's do this!
Now... The test...
You must each tell a clever
joke that will make me laugh.
But I warn you: my sense of
humor is quite... refined.
Alright. So I'm not supposed to
tangle with what's-his-name.
But there's no harm in
me gettin' stronger.
Let's see if I can handle
kicking this thing up
to fifty-times the
gravity of Earth!
Hey... So, uh... We keep
flyin' like this...
How long before we get
to the Grand Elder?
Uh, should be just
another five hours or so.
Dammit! Why the hell am I not
picking up any power levels
clustered together?
This is ridiculous!
There has to be another
village somewhere!
[Vegeta] Two
powers on the move...
Odd. One of
them feels different
from any of Frieza's men
or the Namekians...
Whatever it is... I should
leave nothing to chance.
[Krillin] Dende, stop!
It's Vegeta! He's
picked up our energy
And he's not far! We
have seconds, maybe!
Hurry up, Dende!
We've got to hide!
That was weird. Why'd
he change direction?
Somethin' nearby's got
a lot of energy.
And Vegeta's headed
straight for it!
There's no mistaking that
power. Ha! Not at all!
Lucky me. I've been
waiting for you to separate
from the herd, Zarbon!
Ugh... Come on! Trying to locate
these primitive dwellings
without a scouter
is such a chore...
What the...?
[Zarbon] Vegeta!
Yo... It's been quite awhile
hasn't it, Pretty Boy?
I hope you didn't forget me.
Nothing jump-starts
the ol' memory
like a grudge match, though.
Dodoria would agree,
if he weren't dead.
What?! You--You can't have
defeated him.
You're bluffing me!
[Vegeta laughing]
Don't believe me, huh?
I find it hard.
Ah, a skeptic, I see. Well...
fortunately the burden of proof
can be shouldered right here.
I'm sure it can. But
answer me this first:
why would you turn against us?
Against Frieza, you mean?
Isn't it obvious?
I hate the bastard.
Always have.
And now that there's a chance,
not to just seize eternal life,
[Vegeta] but to wrench free of
his control at the same time.
Well the real question
is why in my right mind
wouldn't I turn against him?
You're a fool to
speak this way.
You're the fool for
being Frieza's lapdog...
And if he thinks I'll be kind
once the Dragon Balls are mine,
then your precious master is
the biggest fool of them all!
[Zarbon] Surely even someone
as thick as you knows
it'll take more than
immortality to conquer Frieza.
It's a pity you can't
manage without a scouter.
I think you'd be truly bowled
over at the kind of power
my experience on the
battlefield has forged.
[laughing] My, my...
Such conviction...
Please... Frieza's power
utterly transcends any notion
you or I could have
of "experience."
Enough talk! Your nonsense
doesn't intimidate me!
I know his weakness! See...
I've become what Frieza most
fears! A powerful Saiyan!
A Saiyan before
whom he will kneel!
Is that what you believe?
Frieza may once have bristled
at the idea of your
kind banding together,
but... Just one of you is
hardly what I'd call a threat.
Oh? Really?
What?! How could he
have deflected that?
Whoa! Now that is
some serious power!
Vegeta and one of those thugs
must be really going at it...
I'll bet it's that one guy...
the one with the hair
who was standin'
next to Frieza...
Yeah... It's him alright--
it's gotta be...
Let's just hope he and Vegeta
keep each other occupied.
I'd be useless against
either one of them
if they came after
us... Hey, that's it!
Now's our chance!
Sorry about this.
While those two are over there
beating each other to a pulp...
I can fly us over to the Grand
Elder's place at full speed.
Vegeta should be
way too distracted
to notice the energy spike.
Hold on!
[Vegeta laughing] This can't be
the best you've got! I thought
the mighty Zarbon's speed was
supposed to be legendary!
[Vegeta laughing]
How disappointing!
I thought you'd be
more of a challenge.
[Zarbon] Bravo, Vegeta.
Your progress intrigues me.
Enough so that I feel it's
only courtesy to show you
the extent of my own power,
something I've let lay
dormant for many years.
[Vegeta] What? Dormant? Well
now you've got me intrigued.
Has Frieza's peacock been
keeping his feathers tucked?
Believe me... You've no clue.
[Vegeta] Really...
[laughing]
Such a sense of humor!
You might as well know before
you breathe your last breath...
there's a very good reason I
keep my full powers hidden.
You see, exploiting them calls
for a drastic transformation.
Quite a distasteful one,
in fact... hideous, even.
Naturally... I am somewhat
reluctant to sacrifice looks...
But, when my hand has been
forced, what choice is there?
Excellent.
Next you'll be telling me
you become a giant ape...
[laughing] Of all the
lies I've heard people use
when backed into a corner,
I think yours is my favorite!
Well... I don't become huge,
not like you Saiyans do.
Nevertheless... once I've
properly transformed...
my power's enormous!
[Krillin] It sure feels like
a lot of time's passed since
we got to this planet. Longer
than a single day, I mean.
Why hasn't the sun started
to go down yet, you know?
Just kinda weird.
Um... Which one?
We have three suns...
They each set in turn,
but there's always at
least one in the sky.
So, there's no such thing
as night on this world?
[Dende] What's night?
Ah... nevermind...
I'm waiting...
Eager, aren't we? Very well.
Don't say you weren't warned.
Ah! What the hell...?!
Repulsive, isn't it?
Oh but the trade-off in power is
unbelievable... as you will see!
Dende, 'bout how much further
'til we get to the Grand
Elder's house would ya say?
Not much farther now.
Good. 'Cause something
tells me the brawl
between Vegeta and that other
guy isn't gonna last long...
No! I won't lose!
Fight back all you want. It
just makes this more fun for me!
Wow. That battle
must be insane!
I can still feel
their energy.
Ugly as it is, in
this form I'm capable
of snapping your
neck like a twig!
[Vegeta] It's no use...
I was a fool to think
Earth had prepared me
for something like this...
[Zarbon] Let's put you
out of your misery!
"Thought I'd be more of
a challenge." Ha! Idiot.
Water, water everywhere... but
dammit... no sign of a body.
Must have been swept
away by the current.
So much trouble. I can't
believe I was provoked
into transforming by the
likes of him... I suppose
I should report our little
skirmish to Lord Frieza, though.
This... isn't... over...
I'm not done...
I'll get stronger...
stronger than either of you...
You and Frieza will
tremble at my feet...!
You'll pay... when...
the Dragon Balls are mine!
[Narrator] Zarbon's true
form has been revealed...
Do Goku and the others
stand a chance against
such powerful enemies... Find
out, next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Man, fifty-times the gravity
of Earth is a workout!
[Dende] The Grand Elder's
benevolence and wisdom
have no bounds. I know if
we explain what's going on,
he'll grant your request.
[Krillin] Well, I sure
hope you're right...
'cause one way or
another we gotta try
and hide the Dragon
Ball he's got.
If Frieza or Vegeta get
the drop on us, it's over!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Power Up, Krillin! Frieza's
Mounting Apprehension!"
[Krillin] Whoa! My strength
is going through the roof!